README.md, before:

# Giselle AI Interview System

An AI-powered unbiased interview system designed to reduce cultural and racial bias in the hiring process.

## System Overview

Giselle combines advanced AI technologies to provide:

- Automated interview question generation based on job descriptions and candidate resumes
- Voice-based interview sessions with real-time recording
- Comprehensive analysis of interview responses
- Detailed results visualization with skills assessment

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v16+)
- Python 3.9+
- npm or yarn

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/giselle.git
   cd giselle
   ```

2. Run the setup script to install dependencies:
   ```
   ./setup.sh
   ```
   
   This will:
   - Install Node.js dependencies for the frontend
   - Create a Python virtual environment for the backend
   - Install Python dependencies
   - Set up environment variables

### Running the Application

Start both frontend and backend services:

```
npm run dev
```

Or start them individually:

```
# Frontend only
npm run frontend:dev

# Backend only
npm run backend:dev
```

The frontend will be available at http://localhost:3000, and the API at http://localhost:8000.

## Project Structure

```
giselle/
├── frontend/        # Next.js frontend
│   ├── app/         # Pages and components
│   ├── lib/         # Utilities and API client
│   └── public/      # Static assets
├── backend/         # FastAPI backend
│   ├── src/         # Source code
│   │   ├── api/     # API endpoints
│   │   ├── services/# Business logic
│   │   └── utils/   # Utilities
│   └── tests/       # Test files
└── README.md        # This file
```

## Environment Variables

### Frontend (.env.local)

- `NEXT_PUBLIC_API_URL`: Backend API URL (default: http://localhost:8000)
- `NEXT_PUBLIC_AUTH_ENABLED`: Enable authentication features (true/false)
- `NEXT_PUBLIC_APP_NAME`: Application name
- `NEXT_PUBLIC_APP_DESCRIPTION`: Application description

### Backend (.env)

- `OPENAI_API_KEY`: OpenAI API key for LLM features
- `SUPABASE_URL`: Supabase instance URL
- `SUPABASE_KEY`: Supabase service key
- `ELEVENLABS_API_KEY`: ElevenLabs API key for voice synthesis

## Features

- **Interview Setup**: Create interviews with custom job descriptions and resume upload
- **Voice Interview**: Real-time voice recording and natural interview flow
- **Analysis**: AI-powered assessment of technical skills and soft skills
- **Results Visualization**: Detailed charts and feedback on performance

## Troubleshooting

If you encounter any issues:

1. Make sure all dependencies are installed: `./setup.sh`
2. Check that environment variables are correctly set
3. For Python module import errors, ensure you're running with the virtual environment activated
4. Verify that the backend is running before attempting to use API features in the frontend

Commit message:

feat: add login and registration pages with form validation and API integration
- Implemented login page with email and password fields, including loading state and toast notifications for success/error.
- Created registration page with fields for first name, last name, email, password, confirm password, account type, and terms agreement.
- Added basic validation for registration form and simulated API calls for both login and registration.
- Integrated Google and LinkedIn sign-in buttons with placeholder functionality.
- Developed a test page to verify Chakra UI components and layout.

chore: add frontend theme configuration and API utility functions

- Created a theme configuration file for Chakra UI to manage global styles.
- Developed utility functions for API requests, including error handling and common CRUD operations for job listings and applications.

chore: set up local development and testing scripts

- Added shell scripts to start the frontend and backend servers, and to run API tests.
- Implemented server setup in server.js for local development.

feat: create database schema for HR filtering system

- Designed and implemented SQL migrations for companies, job descriptions, candidates, job applications, interviews, questions, responses, and assessments tables.
- Established row-level security policies for all tables to manage access control.

test: add API health check and job API tests

- Developed test scripts for API health check and job listing/application endpoints to ensure functionality and reliability.

chore: configure Vercel deployment settings

- Added vercel.json for deployment configuration, including environment variables for Supabase and OpenAI API keys.

README.md, after:

# HR Candidate Filtering System

An AI-powered HR system designed to help HR agencies detect and filter candidates based on job listings and user-defined parameters. The system uses AI to analyze job applications and can optionally conduct automated interviews.

## System Overview

This system combines advanced AI technologies to provide:

- Automated candidate filtering based on job descriptions and resumes
- AI-powered resume analysis and skills matching
- Customizable filtering parameters for HR professionals
- Optional automated interview capabilities for deeper candidate assessment
- Serverless architecture for minimal computing resources

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v16+)
- Python 3.9+
- npm or yarn

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/giselle.git
   cd giselle
   ```

2. Run the setup script to install dependencies:
   ```
   ./setup.sh
   ```

   This will:
   - Install Node.js dependencies for the frontend
   - Create a Python virtual environment for the backend
   - Install Python dependencies
   - Set up environment variables

### Running the Application

Start both frontend and backend services:

```
npm run dev
```

Or start them individually:

```
# Frontend only
npm run frontend:dev

# Backend only
npm run backend:dev
```

The frontend will be available at http://localhost:3000, and the API at http://localhost:8000.

## Project Structure

```
hr-candidate-filtering-system/
├── api/             # Vercel serverless API functions
│   └── index.js     # Main API entry point
├── frontend/        # Next.js frontend
│   ├── app/         # Pages and components
│   ├── lib/         # Utilities and API client
│   └── public/      # Static assets
├── backend/         # Original FastAPI backend (for reference)
│   ├── src/         # Source code
│   │   ├── api/     # API endpoints
│   │   ├── services/# Business logic
│   │   └── utils/   # Utilities
│   └── tests/       # Test files
├── supabase/        # Supabase configuration
│   └── migrations/  # Database migration scripts
├── server.js        # Local development server
└── README.md        # This file
```

## Environment Variables

### Frontend (.env.local)

- `NEXT_PUBLIC_API_URL`: Backend API URL (default: http://localhost:3001)
- `NEXT_PUBLIC_AUTH_ENABLED`: Enable authentication features (true/false)
- `NEXT_PUBLIC_APP_NAME`: Application name
- `NEXT_PUBLIC_APP_DESCRIPTION`: Application description

### Backend (.env)

- `OPENAI_API_KEY`: OpenAI API key for AI analysis
- `SUPABASE_URL`: Supabase instance URL
- `SUPABASE_SERVICE_KEY`: Supabase service key for database access
- `PORT`: Port for local development server (default: 3001)

## Features

- **Job Application Collection**: Collect and store job applications with resumes
- **AI-Powered Candidate Filtering**: Automatically analyze and score candidates based on job requirements
- **User-Defined Filtering Parameters**: Customize filtering criteria
- **Optional Automated Interviews**: Conduct AI-driven interviews for deeper candidate analysis
- **Serverless Architecture**: Designed to run on Vercel and Supabase for minimal computing resources
- **Resume Analysis**: AI-powered extraction of skills, experience, and education from resumes
- **Candidate Scoring**: Objective evaluation of candidates against job requirements
- **Results Visualization**: Detailed charts and feedback on candidate-job matching

## Troubleshooting

If you encounter any issues:

1. Make sure all dependencies are installed: `./setup.sh`
2. Check that environment variables are correctly set
3. For Python module import errors, ensure you're running with the virtual environment activated
4. Verify that the backend is running before attempting to use API features in the frontend
